feat: basic state (#69)
keephq/keep: docs/docs/throttles/one-until-resolved.md

---
sidebar_label: One Until Resolved
sidebar_position: 2
---

# 🎯 One Until Resolved

## Intro

> The action will happen once until alert is resolved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The action will trigger once the alert is resolved.
```

For example:

1. Alert triggered -> Action triggered
2. Alert triggered again -> Action is not triggered

> 3. Alert resolved ->  Action is not triggered, since alert resolved

Reviewer: Perhaps explain what a resolved alert is? what is it really?
